Drop SendGrid email transport support (#23392)
directus/directus: .changeset/hot-actors-lay.md

> ---
> "@directus/api": patch
> ---
> 
> Drop nodemailer-sendgrid support since the package is no longer maintained

Reviewer: This is a major change to the `@directus/api` package

```suggestion
---
"@directus/api": major
---

Dropped support for the SendGrid email transport option
```

Reviewer 2: As suggested I made the changes
